The to 220 04 was released in April of 2029, as with all previous long term support releases, 20 04
will be supported for five years until April 2025.
I've mentioned this countless times in the course.
Kewaunee don't switch to a new server distribution a few weeks after the release.
Take your time, test your site thoroughly before you move to the new release.
The majority of my sites are using 18 04.
I'm going to skip 20 04 and move to 22 04 sometime between December 2022 and March 20 23 unless there
is a compelling reason to upgrade.
I recommend you skip the next LTE release.
So, for example, if you are using 18 zero for SKIP 20 04 and then move your sites to 22 04, what
do I class as a compelling reason to look at the upgrade date for 14 04 to 16, 04?
It was almost immediately after 16 04 was released.
The reason was given the performance of B seven over five TotEx was incredible.
That necessitated an early upgrade.
The first and most important requirement of a server distribution is stability.
18 04 has proven to be extremely stable and secure.
I'm not going to risk moving my sites to a new server distribution without waiting at least six months
that will allow time for any early bugs and vulnerabilities to be Ondaatje.
Another topic that you may have read is that seven point four is faster than seven point two.
That may be, but when you add caching to the configuration, the 10 per cent speed increase offered
by seven point four over seven point two is negated.
The speed increase will play a minor role.
If no form of caching is used without caching, your site will be very slow as every request made to
your site will hit up and the database.
Once we've set up the WordPress site, we will secure that site.
We will do this layer by layer.
The same with optimization.
We are not just going to install a WordPress site, add a caching plug in and leave it at that.
We will look at HTP caching as well as object caching.
The course optimization is set up as follows when a WordPress page or post is requested.
Firstly, check the cache is the page or posts cached.
If it is, serve the page or post.
This is extremely fast.
It's almost on a par with a static site.
The reason it is so fast is that we have bypassed heating up and the database there.
Again, it will make no difference if you are using P p seven point two or seven point four with reference
to this course, the only updates that are of interest to us are the updated versions of Engine X,
Maria DB and the newer versions address issues in earlier releases and improve performance.
There is also a downside that there could be undiscovered issues and vulnerabilities that are only discovered
as the new release becomes more widely used with reference to Engine X.
In relation to this course, there are no configuration differences between one two eight zero four
and twenty zero four.
You need to be aware of the various versions that are used with each distro.
Eight zero for users, seven point two twenty zero for users, seven point four with twenty point zero.
For any directive that refers to the FBI process, you need to ensure it reads seven point four hyphen
if PM and not HTTP seven point to hyphen if PM.
There are no configuration differences that relate to the database management system.
Marea DB.
As I've mentioned, you need to be aware of the version that is released with each distro.
This is only a concern when we manually create a configuration file and need to refer to the FPM process
when needed.
I'll be adding new updated lectures to the course to give you an example.
The name stack to install, secure and optimize Ingenix, Maria DB and BB seven point four are the adding
a new updated twenty point zero for lecture to the course.
You need to make a note of this and when needed, jump to the relevant twenty point zero four lectures.
Currently in the course under the lamp stack, you will have one two six zero four and eight zero four.
I'm going to add Ubuntu twenty point zero four to that section of the course.
You need to skip the six zero four and eight zero four lectures and watch the 20 zero four lecture with
Ubuntu 20 zero four do not add any unofficial repositories.
All packages will be installed from the official Ubuntu repositories only when the situation arises
in the course.
I will pointed out in that particular lecture the configuration of Ingenix Maria Debe and remains the
same.
No matter if you are using Ubuntu 18 zero four or 20 zero four.
If there are any minor differences, I will indicate this in the lecture concerned.
In this section, we looked at the latest Ubuntu release twenty point zero four in relation to this
course.